# Introduction to User Experience Design (UX)
The goal of this course is to introduce students to the general concepts of user experience design.  This class has no prerequsites and does not require any knowledge of programming.  It is designed to complement and be taken with the existing CoderDojo courses in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, SVG and Mobile application development.  The UX course complements these courses and we attempt to avoid duplication of this content.

This course typically takes students between 2-4 hours, depending on their prior experiences.

## Introduction
* What is user experience design
* Objective evaluation of user experience
* Domains: web, mobile apps, voice

## User Research
* How do we evaluate the success of user interfaces?
* A/B testing.

## Personas
Personas are archetypical users whose goals and characteristics represent the needs of a larger group of users.

## Information Architecture

## Wireframing

## Design Thinking

## Skteching

## User Interface Design

## Web Design

## Mobile Application Design



## GPT-3 Outline
The following outline was generated by the GPT-3 program:

Here is an outline of the topics we will cover in our UX course:

Introduction to UX and UI Design

User Research & Personas

Information Architecture & Wireframing

Design Thinking & Sketching

User Interface Design (UI) – Part 1: Visual Design Principles and Basics of User Interface Design (UI) – Part 2: Advanced User Interface Design (UI) Techniques and Tips for Web and Mobile Apps.